feat: NOT_READY after provider shutdown (#216)
open-feature/spec: specification/sections/02-providers.md

stateDiagram-v2
    direction LR
    [*] --> NOT_READY
    NOT_READY --> READY:initialize
    READY --> ERROR
    ERROR --> READY
    READY --> STALE
    STALE --> READY
    STALE --> ERROR
    READY --> NOT_READY:shutdown
    STALE --> NOT_READY:shutdown

>     ERROR --> NOT_READY:shutdown

Author: I added names for a few of the transitions because it made the diagram less confusing. Adding them everywhere seemed redundant though.

Reviewer: The preview looks good. IMO good improvement to explain _what_ cause the state change.

```mermaid
---
title: Provider State
---
stateDiagram-v2
    direction LR
    [*] --> NOT_READY
    NOT_READY --> READY:initialize
    READY --> ERROR
    ERROR --> READY
    READY --> STALE
    STALE --> READY
    STALE --> ERROR
    READY --> NOT_READY:shutdown
    STALE --> NOT_READY:shutdown
    ERROR --> NOT_READY:shutdown
```

  }
```

#### Requirement 2.5.2

> > After a provider's shutdown function has terminated successfully, the provider's state **MUST** revert to its uninitialized state.

Reviewer 2: The non-normative section says "should," while the spec says" must".

Author: Good call, fixed.

> If a provider requires initialization, once it's shut down, it must transition to its initial `NOT_READY` state, so it can be reinitialized.

Author: ```suggestion
If a provider requires initialization, once it's shut down, it must transition to its initial `NOT_READY` state. Some providers may allow re-initialization from this state.
```

> If a provider requires initialization, once it's shut down, it should transition to its initial `NOT_READY` state, so it can be reinitialized.

Reviewer: >  ... so it can be reinitialized

I think we should not enforce this behavior through spec 🤔

Author: Do you mean we should just remove the "so it can be reinitialized"?

We could remove it, but I think that this is the logical implication of transitioning back to `NOT_READY`. On the other hand, I guess you could make the argument some providers could still be unable to be made `READY` again, and they could throw if they are reinitialized.

Reviewer: Yes, originally thought we shouldn't define this through the spec. But with your explanation, I think we should reword it to have **MAY** - ex:-  ... so it **MAY** be reinitialized.

> If a provider requires initialization, once it's shut down, it should transition to its initial `NOT_READY` state, so it can be reinitialized.

Author: ```suggestion
If a provider requires initialization, once it's shut down, it must transition to its initial `NOT_READY` state, so it can be reinitialized.
```

> If a provider requires initialization, once it's shut down, it must transition to its initial `NOT_READY` state. Some providers may allow re-initialization from this state.

Author: ```suggestion
If a provider requires initialization, once it's shut down, it must transition to its initial `NOT_READY` state. Some providers may allow reinitialization from this state.
```
